secrecy of the VOC Nick's project has
been compromised the site must be
evacuated already zahran has sent
another attack force consisting of
several Care Act cruisers and assault
transports no fighters have entered the
battle yet perhaps czarians losses are
finally making a difference missile boat
mu-1 will join tie interceptor group
gamma and tie bomber group theta in
covering the evacuation destroy all
enemy craft
our two platforms have taken some damage
and must be evacuated more importantly
the experimental test bed the vork
Knicks must be moved to a new secret
location the cloaking device must not be
allowed to fall into czarians hands a
marine transport and a handful of escort
transports will arrive any moment to
begin the evacuation the Corellian
corvette vork nicks will enter
hyperspace as soon as Marion transport
shadows technicians can enable the
Corvette's hyperdrive you will fly
missile boat new one in addition to the
standard load of 40 advanced concussion
missiles your craft will also have 20
rockets to take out the enemy assault
transports and cruisers or so your craft
remains fitted with the tractor beam the
two mine array is protecting the work
mix will slow the enemy attack down but
not stop it further reinforcements will
not arrive before the issue is decided
success of the rescue is in your hands
three Care Act class cruisers and for
assault transports are closing on our
position the assault transports are the
more immediate threat as they will
likely be employed to clear the minds
once the minefield is cleared they could
move in to capture Corvette book mix the
carrick cruiser will probably try to
finish off the platform while offering
the assault transports heavy fire
support
the traitors haven't committed any
starfighters to this attack yet but they
could be holding them in reserve remain
alert
continue as you have before pursue your
primary mission objectives faithfully
while taking every opportunity to run a
short range scan on all major enemy
vessels
Sigma is a spider
one I was right
Murray on the finish efficient
Oh
you
extra work new secretary
No
ready
you
was hurt